my location sharing (((you are sharing your location with this circle)))
hide from search (((hides your profile from everyone but your mutual matches/chats)))
private account (((only people with your phone number can add, message or call you, though all users can view your timeline posts when re-posted to them.)))
users hidden from timeline (((posts from these users will not appear on your timeline, though these users are not blocked)))
profile visibility (((keep your profile visible so you can get noticed)))
go private (((peek without pressure. use private mode to control who sees you. turn it off when you want more attention. now available on android.)))
private mode (((decide who sees your profile by making it visible only to the people you choose.)))
get private mode
unhide your profile to see your daily matches
authorized (((receiving calls: allow vip users to call me)))
account status
access to your private photos (((no one can see your private photos)))
find friends (((let other users find my yelp profile using my name or email address. users added as friends can always find your profile.)))
bookmarks (((let other users see my book marks on my profile.)))
direct messages from businesses (((let business owners send me direct messages in response to my review)))
what businesses can see about me
ads displayed elsewhere (((allow yelp to target ads on other sites and apps based on your use of yelp including bookmarks, website clicks, calls, directions, and check-ins. the date, time and whether you're accessing yelp via web or mobile device are always shown. either your home city or current city will also be displayed, according to your settings. businesses can always see your transactions with them and your public posts.)))
who can contact me?
hide from facebook friends
hide from search
hide my city
replace your real name with your nickname
include me in meetme? (((you will be visible in our sister app, meetme)))
contact finder (((do not share contacts with wickr)))
remove all unlocks (((all profile unlocks you have granted to other citizens will be removed)))
view profiles anonymously
appear offline
share additional info (((mapquest requests your permission to share app information, including precise location information, with third parties who may use it to provide more relecant adcertising or other independent purposes.)))
safe mode (((with safe mode off, you can be contacted by all members. with basic safe mode on, you will find only genuine member profiles and secure yourself from viewing and thereby contacting suspicious members. with full safe mode active, only verified members can contact you. )))
allow submissions
following tumblrs you follow
likes posts you like
show me on map
your profile is currently visible
hide profile (((when you hide your profile, you will not be visible on shaadi.com. you will neither be able to send invitations or messages.)))
let my friends see my phone number if i've provided it
let my friends see my email address
include me in the public list of people who are currently checked in to a venue
let me earn mayorships(i realize that relationship is a public office)
when my friends check in with me, it's okay to include my name on their check-in tweets or facebook wall posts
save me time by letting my friends check me in
let venus managers see when i check in to their business, or when i am one of their best customers
friend requests (((choose who can send you friend requests)))
who can view the statistics on your profile? (((this includes stickers you have unlocked, categories you've been to, streaks you have at places you've been, or mayorships you currently hold.)))
who can view the map on your profile?
background location (((allow this app to use background location, including when the app is closed, for various foursquare services, like updating my neighborhood location and sending me notifications about my friends' plans, and check-in reminders)))
advertising (((allow foursquare to serve behaviorally targeted ads outside of the foursquare app and foursquare.com.)))
who can see my photo?
who can see my stuff?
who can see your future posts?
who can see the people, pages and lists you follow?
who can see your friends list?
who can send you friend requests?
who can look me up?
who can look you up using the email address you provided?
who can look you up using the phone number you provided?
do you want search engines outside of facebook to link to your profile?
who can add things to my timeline?
who can post on your timeline?
who can see things on my timeline?
who can see posts you've been tagged in on your timeline?
who can see what others post on your timeline?
post permissions (((admins or moderators approve posts)))
only accept message requests from people you know and want to chat with on messenger.
only page admins see this information.
enable passcode lock (((if you set a password you'll need to enter it every time you start band. if you forget your password you'll have to delete band and reinstall)))
daily facebook updates (((with daily facebook updates, gofundme will post updates to your facebook page. when display on gofundme is enabled, your campiagn will appear in the list of all campaigns and show up in search results.)))
display on gofundme (((with daily facebook updates, gofundme will post updates to your facebook page. when display on gofundme is enabled, your campiagn will appear in the list of all campaigns and show up in search results.)))
visitor comments (((when visitor comments are disabled, people are unable to post public comments on your campaign page.)))
who can add comments to my channel
who can add live comments
public profile  (((manage what other taptalk users can or cannot see what you're following)))
location
only friends can tag me
only friends can find me
only friends can see my coverstory
accept followers
access contact
location services
hide location (((if you hide your location, you will not be seen in look around)))
hide last seen (((if you hide your last seen status, you will not be able to see other people's last seen either)))
hide clubs (((if you hide your clubs, your clubs will not be seen by other people in your profile.)))
hide forum numbers (((if you hide your forum numbers, your numbers of threads/posts/comments/likes will not be seen by other people in your profile)))
hide spender info (((if you hide your spender info, your spender level, badges and supported djs will not be seen by other people)))
location access(((enable this to allow facebook to obtain your location)))
hide status editor in news feed (((when enabled, the status editor will be hidden on the news feed)))
hide birthdays (((when enabled, will hide birthdays from the news feed.)))
sync phone contacts
clear cache when exit
clear cache
clear cookies
clear history
safe mode (((with basic safe mode on, you will find only genuine member profiles and secure yourself from viewing and thereby contacting suspicious members.)))
don't accept if the user is frequently blocked by others
don't accept if the first message has a photo attached
don't accept if the first message is a free gift
don't accept if the first message is very short
don't accept if the user has no profile icon
stealth (((guys will see when you view them)))
global (((you may appear in global grid)))
hide preview (((show all notification content)))
age (((show age on your profile)))
distance (((show your distance to other members)))
response (((show responsiveness insights)))
community (((show community insights)))
age (((show age insights)))
body hair (((show body hair insights)))
trips (((enable automatic trip creation)))
travel indicator (((enable automatic travel indicator)))
public profile (((turning your public profile off hides you from everyone except the people you've already connected with.)))
others may send me map chats (((map chats are public and will be shown on the map as well as sent directly to the users)))
people can find me
receive messages from strangers (((turn off to block messages from strangers)))
hide conversation (((setting pin for private conversations to keep people from reading sensitive conversations on your device)))
allow strangers to comment (((turn off to block strangers from commenting.)))
allow strangers to view your photos (((turn off to block strangers from viewing your photos.)))
show birthday (((fully visible)))
show profile images
show only images from friends
blocked activity list (((people on this list will not be able to see your stories)))
public (((your site is visible to everyone and may be indexed by search engines)))
hidden (((your site is visible to everyone but asks search engines not to index it)))
private (((your site is visible only to you and users you approve)))
share "online" status (((your friends can see your online status)))
send read alert (((an alert will be sent to the sender when you read messages)))
find me by tel & email ((people can find you on dingtone via your phone number, email and facebook.))
discoverable (((when turned off, you will not be able to recieve new matches & chats. however, existing matches & chats will remain active.)))
activities share with friends
location show distance
share my profile
authorized apps (((list of authorized app can access your zalo account)))
who can contact you?
hide my account from search engines
approve comments before they are public
hide download button from my stories
who can send me pm?
who can post on my wall?
who can comment on my posts and photos?
who can see y photos?
who can see my friends?
who can send me friend requests?
private (((only you can see your new moments)))
social (((friends can see your new moments)))
public (((anyone can see your new moments)))
allow timeline suggestions (((users stories and moments suggestions need to be approved before they are added to your timeline)))
allow sharing from your timeline (((other users can copy moments and storeis to other timelines)))
search engine privacy (((hide your profile from search engine)))
store your contacts
use sites you visit (((improve which recommendations and ads you see)))
use ad partner info (((improve which recommendations and ads you see)))
hide pin
make account private
allow breweries to comment on my check-ins to their beer
enable location (((enabling location allows you to tag your checkins, see nearby beers and venues. untappd only uses your location when the app is open.)))
use enhanced location (((this setting enables a higher quality locationi to be requested. having trouble getting your locations in the app? try disabling this feature.)))
visibility public (((your profile will be visible to everyone. friends only friends that you have accepted will be able to private your profile will not be visible to anyone.)))
who can view the main information on my profile
who can view photos of me
who can view the saved photos album
who can view my list of communities
who can view my audio files
who can view my gifts
who can view posts and comments by others on my wall
who can post to my wall
who can view comments on my posts
who can send me private messages
who can invite me to join communities
who can send me a friend request
who can view my stories
who can comment on my posts
phoenix lock ((((set up lock to protect phoenix from unauthorised access)))
message privacy-gender (((allowing messages from everyone)))
message privacy-distance (((allowing messages from both genders)))
hide location (((only show your posts in explore and follow.)))
private account (((when your account is private, only your lollowers can see your posts. future follow requests will need your permission.)))
comments limitation (((only allow comments from your friends. your friends means you two have followed each other.)))
messages limitation (((only allow messages from your friends. your friend means you two have followed each other)))
user action (((allow photos: use this to control if a user can send you pictures. ignore user: if this person writes things you dont like to read, insults or annoys you. report user: if this person is molesting you, has a forbidden photo or says things that are completly inappropriate.)))
contact filter (((select the users who may start contact with you on knuddels)))
location sharing
location in background
enable voting on personal questions. (((allow other people to view and like your unanswered personal questions)))
accept anonymous questions
hide my name
private account (((when your account is private, only people you approve can see your musical.lys)))
only friends can direct.ly me
hide location info
only people you follow can be searched
sharing profile edits (((choose whether we notify your network about profile changes)))
profile viewing options (((choose whether you're visible or viewing in private mode)))
advertising preferences (((choose whether linkedin can use cookies to personalize ads)))
getting discovered by your email address (((choose who can discover your profile from your email address)))
open web pages in app (((choose how linkedin opens third party web links)))
using your phone number to grow your network (((choose how we use your phone number to help others connect with you)))
using public data to improve your profile (((choose whether we use public data to help you improve your profile)))
who can follow you (((choose who can follow you and see your public posts)))
who you're blocking (((see your list, and make changes if you'd like)))
display your active staus
sharing your profile when you click apply (((choose if you want to share your full profile with the job poster after clicking apply)))
show me on tinder (((you won't show up in the card stack but can still message your existing matches.)))
phone contact visibility (((allow to be find from phone number)))
accept strangers to send me messages (((if you turn off this option, only your friends will be able to send you messages)))
show online status (((if you turn it off, others won't be able to see your online status)))
visible to all (((you will not be visible to others once you turn this off.)))
moments permissions (((who can comment and like my moments)))
location privacy
show location to all
hide location
who can see my profile info?
where do i review who can see things i've posted or been tagged in?
who can send me friend request?
who can see my profile info? (((manage the privacy of your profile info directly from your profile)))
limit the audience for posts you've shared with friends of friends or public?
review posts friends tag you in before they appear on your timeline?
location history (((turning on location history allows facebook to build a history of precise locations received through location services on your device. you can see or delete this information in the activity log on your profile.)))
place tips in news feed (((when place tips are turned on, you'll receive helpful info when available for places nearby. viewing these won't post on facebook or show people where you are.)))
who can follow me (((followers see your posts in news feed. friends follow your posts by default, but you can also allow people who are not your friends to follow your public posts. use this setting to choose who can follow you. each time you pose, you choose which audience you want to share with.)))
public posts comments (((choose who is allowed to comment on your posts. rmember that in addition to who you choose here, anyone tagged in a post and their friends may be able to comment too.)))
public profile info (((manage who can like or comment  on profile information that is always public, including your profile pictures, profile videos, cover photos, featured photos and updates to your short bio.)))
apps other use (((people who can see your inof can bring it with them when they use apps, use this setting to control the categories of information people can bring with them)))
old versions of facebook for mobile (((this setting controls the privacy of things you post using old facebook mobile apps that do not have the inline audience selector, such as outdated versions of facebook for blackberry)))
location tracking
activate radar
ghost mode
highlighted profile
who do you want to see?
who may contact you?
who may send chat requests?
show / hide my say list
show my say list (((you can show/hide your say list. even if you hide your say list, the recent one will be shown on your say.)))
hide my say list (((you can show/hide your say list. even if you hide your say list, the recent one will be shown on your say.)))
receive chat from
view history (((the view history is only visible to you, open to view the most recently visited users)))
picture watermark
who can send me photos?
who can chat with me?
random private chats
allow random chats
auto-accept all requests
show my profile in shuffle
searchability
confirm your amino's privacy
share invite url
share via messenger, facebook, email
facebook data transmission
show distance
automatically add friends
save my password (((sign in without re-entering my password)))
allow ims from
receive calls from
allow microsoft targeted ads (((including use of skype profile age and gender)))
direct connection only (((when you enable direct connections only,your ip address will be kept hidden when you call people who aren't on your people list. this may delay your call setup time.)))
manage how people find me (((choose which contact details to use)))
protect my tweets (((only current followers and people you approve in the future will be able to see your tweets)))
receive messages from anyone (((you will be able to receive direct messages from any twitter user even if you do not follow them)))
send/receive read receipts (((when someone sends you a message, people in the conversation will know when you have seen it. if you turn off this setting, you will not be able to see read receipts)))
who can tag me in photos
let others find me by my email address (((people who have your email address will be able to connect with you on twitter)))
let others find me by my phone number (((you need to add a phone number for this setting)))
connect periscope (((if selected, you can go live on periscope from twitter, comments in periscope live videos, and others can see that you are watching. if you turn this off, you can watching)))
sync address book contacts (((contacts from this device will be uploaded to twitter on an ongoing basis to help you find people you may know. turning off syncing will not remove previously)))
remove all contacts (((this removes any contacts you've previously uploaded and turns off syncing with twitter on all devices. please be aware that this takes a little time.)))
tailor twitter based on my apps (((you will see a prompt in your timeline when this feature become available.)))
tailor ads based on info from ad partners (((this lets twitter display ads about things you've already shown interest in)))
show me sensitive media (((you will see all photos or videos even if they contain sensitive media)))
anonymous mode (((keeps your profile hidden, unless you make the first move)))
hide me
enable simple lock (((secure simple with a 4-digit pin code)))
enable location (((enable for check-ins)))
enable pin lock (((create a 4 digit pin or use fingerprint if you support..)))
clear app data (((be careful if you clear your app data we reset the hole app from the begin like new install)))
allow others send friend request
share history
messages from anybody (((when off, only people you follow can send you messages)))
private account (((only people you authorize will be able to view and follow your profile)))
hide from search (((don't show your account when friends search you on we heart it by your email, facebook or twitter.)))
allow showing my answers on discover feed
allow other users to share my posts
allow anonymous questions
show status
allow shoutout questions
allow others to subscribe to my activities
hide mode
show instagram photos
share my location
expire on arrival (((when this setting is enabled and you send a glympse that has a destination, the application will automatically expire your glympse when ite detects that you have reached your destination)))
broadcast my speed
show typing (((allow others to see which i'm typing a message)))
hide location (((make location deviate from your real location to protect privacy)))
don't show me up in nearby list
public to all
public to friends
public to myself
male users can send me messages only if they are verified
female users can send me messages only if they are verified
allow profile sharing
show online status
enable public search (((with public search enabled, people can find my profile using internet search engines)))
enable bumped into (((reveal my profile to users i bump into.)))
live status
make my visits visible
others can see who i follow
others can see my groups
my status
your current location will be used to find people near you
use mobile location
temporarily hide profile. your profile will be invisible to other members
show as offline when you are logged in.
enable automatic private key exchange.
contact potential matches on my behalf to help me make a connection
enable rated photos
hide profile in rooms
enable location (((this will help us recommend chat rooms to you)))
do not show people i follow and groups i've joined
clear chat history
sync with instagram
your site is visible to everyone and may be indexed by search engines
make location deviate from your real location to protect privacy
messages limitation
members can invite you to other bands
only allow comments from your friends. your friends means you two have followed each other.
only members can find the group and see posts.
don't accept if the user is frequently blocked by others
don't show me up in nearby list
don't show your account when friends search you on we heart it by your email, facebook or twitter.
choose who can discover your profile from your email address
choose who can follow you and see your public posts
random private chats
allow random chats
show my profile
searchability
show distance to everyone
automatically add friends
show my photo
invisible to my friends
who can contact me
who can send me private messages
hide my location
male users can send me messages only if they are verified
female users can send me messages only if they are verified 